**CountyChecker** is a report generator intended to process CountyCheck reports generated by RootsMagic genealogy software program. It allows you to generate a new report from an existing report saved in csv (Comma Separated Values) format. Options allow you to reduce the size of the report substantially, by omitting lines with events which have a matching place name, as well as reducing or eliminating the suggestions for incorrect place names.

**How to install**

Download the latest release (zip file) from the GitHub page. Extract the archive to a convenient folder on your system. The program is self-contained and does not have an installer. Optionally, create a shortcut to the CountyChecker.exe file and place it on your Desktop or other location for ease of starting the program.

**Running CountyChecker**

Create and save a csv CountyCheck report with RootsMagic. Start CountyChecker and open that report. Press the Start button to generate the output report. Prior to running the first report you can select the options you would like under File -> Settings. Most of the settings are self-explanatory. The most important for easy operation is to set the folders for your RM Reports folder and optionally the report output folder used by CountyCheck. The settings are saved and reloaded automatically the next time you use the program.

********** New Version 1.0.1.0 Release **********

**New feature: Ignore List**

Located under the File menu, allows to create a list of items to be ignored if found in a Place name.

********** New Version 1.0.2.0 Release **********
Added Hotkeys (accelerator keys)
Delete output file on Cancel works now
Minor corrections to UI (spelling etc)

**Notes**

CountyChecker is a Windows application which requires the .NET runtime and will not run natively on other platforms such as Mac OS or Linux. It may work with some crossover/emulator solution but this has not been tested.

CountyChecker and its author are not affiliated with RootsMagic, Inc.